c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll.config
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.pdb
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\RestSharp.xml
